[1] (767♥) Release a github
   ↳ (45♥ AUTHOR) Here: https://github.com/amosblomqvist/learn
   ↳ (3♥) 🙏
   ↳ (3♥) +1
   ↳ (3♥) +1
   ↳ (3♥) +2
   ↳ (3♥) +1
   ↳ (3♥) +100
   ↳ (3♥) Yeah please
   ↳ (1♥) I would even be up for some contribution is it’s open
   ↳ (1♥) +1
   ↳ (0♥) yes please
   ↳ (0♥) +10000 plz 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
   ↳ (0♥) Plz
   ↳ (0♥) please bro
   ↳ (0♥) pls i need this for college lowk
   ↳ (0♥) +
   ↳ (0♥) +
   ↳ (0♥) 🙏🙏
   ↳ (0♥) +1
   ↳ (0♥) YES
   ↳ (0♥) +1
   ↳ (12♥) Please!!
   ↳ (3♥) can someone please remind me when and if this is done? or if anyone does it?
   ↳ (1♥) please anywhere but on github, the shi is down like 1 time out of ten which is to say A LOT
[2] (586♥) This is excellent. In the education research literature, your quiz system for finding the edge of knowledge is called the zone of proximal development within a learner model through adaptive testing.
   ↳ (47♥) Thank you for widening my zone of proximal development
   ↳ (59♥ AUTHOR) Good to know the official name for it, had no idea. Thank you.
   ↳ (0♥) Unironically answering to AI created video with own face.
   ↳ (0♥) that's interesting that we had words in literature describing something that was unusable pre AI. seems like a troll field. glad AI is finally here.
[3] (333♥) There are a few things you might take into consideration: 1. the emotional tension: you need curiosity, frustration, satisfaction, and a few other emotions in different quantities at different times. You can adjust for that. Too much failure is discouraging, too little challenge is boring, etc. 2. Learning has multiple aspects: discovery(awareness), understanding(mental model), practice(mastery, speed), application(perspective, experience), etc. You could try to tackle these sides in your process too. 3. Maybe output different formats in addition to quizzes: flashcards for facts, exercises for repetition | speed | explanation I’d love to try your system out if you are willing to share.
   ↳ (64♥ AUTHOR) Good ideas here, thank you. I've noted them down. I'll make this public soon.
   ↳ (14♥) I don't know if you're open to any other suggestions, but the best teachers I've ever had used the Socratic method—guiding us with questions so we could figure things out ourselves. Getting those neurons to fire first, and then reinforcing the pathways through quizzes, makes the information stick. Of course, this doesn't work for every single topic, but for deep understanding, it's unmatched.
[4] (96♥) 2:32 the WHAT???
   ↳ (0♥) 🤣🤣🤣
[5] (85♥) Imagine this project becomes big and we somehow make benchmark of how efficient models handles teaching and adapting to students with the measurement of the progress made by peoples that learned with those models (chosen blindly during human training) on various tests (also secret like exams)... It would be a all new field of research that companies spend money on to benchmax and it would be genuinely good for people. Well that's maybe a little Utopian but this video gives me much hope, Thank you ! Really want to try your system And really cool to use an openweight model for the demo :)
   ↳ (3♥) This exact idea is so powerful and really hit me, i feel like there should really be more benchmarking in the learning space, would be interesting to see if anyone reading this would make this
[6] (77♥) Good video, its a shame you do not share how to actually do it
   ↳ (24♥) that exercise is left to the reader
   ↳ (2♥) read the description now
[7] (75♥) Can you share the setup please
   ↳ (17♥) yeah a github link would have been good
   ↳ (1♥) Plz
[8] (63♥) Great Video, is it possible you share the setup and skills & extensions?
[9] (42♥) So…are you going to share the skill on github or we just wasted our time watching how you use your obscure skill?
   ↳ (0♥) If you watched the whole video and felt it wasted your time, you didn't learn anything which is probably WHY U need the skill
[10] (40♥) You guys can ask gemini in the description to generate a skill MD file from video if you need something like this, though it isn't the best model, but it works
   ↳ (15♥) gemini response: Based on the learning system demonstrated in the video, here is a structured outline for a `skill.md` file that captures the core logic and components of Eero Alvar's AI-assisted learning approach. ### **skill.md: AI Learning Agent** #### *1. Core Principles* * *Optimized Teaching:* A 1-to-1 teacher-student model is used to tailor the teaching arc and explanations specifically to the learner's current understanding (0:55-1:37). * *Resource Allocation:* Shift cognitive load from logistics (finding resources, planning) to the material itself (1:42-2:04). * *Trust Engineering:* Rely on system reliability and fact-checking, not just source familiarity (3:47-4:18). #### *2. The Process Flow* 1. *Probe (5:13-6:03):* - Identify the user's current knowledge baseline. - Utilize a quiz tool with graded multiple-choice questions. - Perform a binary search on the knowledge tree to find the edge of understanding. 2. *Plan (6:07-6:53):* - Reason out the learning path based on probe results. - Incorporate verification and fact-checking sub-agents. - Visualize the path using Mermaid diagrams to ensure the AI's reasoning is structured (6:26-6:53). 3. *Teach (6:56-7:58):* - Deliver content in discrete, manageable reasoning steps. - Use periodic feedback quizzes to confirm understanding. - Apply material through practice problems to reinforce learning (7:48-8:02). #### *3. Required Components & Tools* * *Interface:* Markdown-linked sessions (e.g., *Obsidian*) for persistence and LaTeX rendering (9:17-9:41). * *Skills:* - `teach_skill`: Core pedagogical logic (8:18). - `quiz_extension`: For calibration and testing (8:22). - `viz_sub_agents`: For generating and verifying visual aids like SVGs (8:28, 13:18). - `md_log`: For session logging and context management (8:24).
   ↳ (0♥) He has it on github, responded to a comment "Re,ease a github"
[11] (36♥) Today is a wonderful day.
   ↳ (1♥) Have a good day dawg
[12] (32♥) I believe this tool works best for people who already have some depth of knowledge in the subject they intend to explore. I’ve noticed that the initial assessment the AI ​​performs requires two things: -> Something you can get right. -> A concrete goal. However, when we have absolutely no knowledge of a topic and want to learn it, we’re likely to get everything wrong. That leaves the system without a reference point for calibration. I also realized that the system needs a concrete goal to function effectively. Simply saying "I want to learn Kubernetes" isn't specific enough, yet I can't be any more specific than that about a subject I haven't even encountered yet. In short: The tool is great at digging deep in a specific direction, but when starting from scratch, we don't yet know what that direction should be.
   ↳ (0♥) maybe the first research should be done by yourself, then come back to the tool when you think u know at least the basics? im not sure
   ↳ (0♥) You could start with "I'm don't know nothing about X. I need to learn basics about it" and then in quiz answer "I don't know" for each question. I pretty sure AI can handle this
[13] (27♥) Amazing video! One incremental improvement could be to swap out the SVG generation with visual explanations in the form of HTML which renders directly in Obsidian. This turned out worked pretty well for me in my learning setup.
[14] (27♥) I'm currently building a KB straight from my uni notes, and I've found that AI can be really helpful, but you need to thoroughly verify whatever it slops out. I'm building an agent for myself so I can learn seamlessly: getting the correct info, staying reliable, and finally minimizing the struggle with logistics (viewing my notes from different perspectives, planning, finding resources, verifying things, and making agents do things sequentially). I found this video really helpful and I'll try to implement your suggestion as a method for letting the agent know how much the user already knows about their vault. Thank you!
   ↳ (0♥) thats awesome dude! I'm currently doing quite the same thing. I am researching the best way to build a "teacher/tutor" harness. i'm guessing the method that he said is know as Knowledge Space Theory, used by ALEKS. the main challenge that I'm facing with that is the fact that i need the agent to first understand the KB before does the assessment.
[15] (18♥) really liked the video, but it would have been really nice if you had some sort of git hub page page for this and it would be possible to just set it up quickly and test. and with like some sort of file which one could point an agent to, and have it set it up. well, anyways, i will try doing this.
   ↳ (4♥) okay i watched your 1st video, and it makes sense why you didn't do that.
[16] (14♥) This is not optimal. 1.cost. This is so expensive for no reason. 2. LLMs are biased towards what's popular. 3. Books and papers already exist. The content is there. Struggling to find and learn what you need there improves your understanding. 4. You can't excel at math if you're not doing it yourself. Passive reading and quiz tests are not a good measure of your understanding of math. 5. You'll build dependence on this "tool." You should try to be independent as much as possible so you can learn off of any sorta of material. 6. Showing you correctly answering some questions isn't a good demo. It doesn't show you struggling, which is fundamental to learning anything. If anyone wants to discuss, I'm open
   ↳ (2♥) The video was really good, but this is a great comment highlighting the cons of this model
   ↳ (1♥) 1. no it's not, please do some research and i can confirm its cheap as a free AI user 2. just use NotebookLM/Gemini Notebook already. 3. what the difference between asking AI and asking teacher the question? nothing. bcs even if u had a teacher, In the end, you will still be passive and ask the teacher again, so what is the difference between asking AI and asking the teacher? After all, a sign of critical thinking is asking questions. 4. So how do you learn mathematics well/effectively? 5. yeah buddy, what the difference between teached by teacher & teached by AI? nothing! remain equally passive. 6. just ask the AI to generate more harder question and solve it for yourself 💀
   ↳ (1♥) look, You said earlier in your 4th point that passive reading & quiz test not optimal But you also said in point 3 that you recommend reading books. This is contradictory.
[17] (13♥) This probe phase reminds me of the /wayfinder skill by Matt Pocock -- while it has a different goal, but similar mechanism. It generates a map of tickets, the frontier is the list of untackled tickets until the tool reaches a shared understanding. There are three types of tickets involved -- Grilling (you get quiz), Research (what it says on the tin), and Prototypes (irrelevant here, but it essentially says, provide interactive prototypes for a relevant question the user can try out and make an informed decision). This leads into a /to-spec (=Plan) -> /to-ticket (=Teach) workflow, which generates a new graph (and it usually generates a mermaid in my harness). The tickets from /to-ticket are, in fact, what does your learning in your case. Within the implementation tickets, Matt Pocock has two dedicated skills /implement (=equivalent to actual teaching) and /code-review (which in your case would be just another quizzing round). It also shows an interesting parallel to project planning and learning.
[18] (11♥) Could you please make a video about how to setup this AI system. Please I need this so badly. Or may be give us a github link or something. Please....
[19] (10♥) Something cool to see would be an implement for spaced repetition. If I learn something for the first time, no chance I’m remembering it a week from now unless I’m reminded periodically. Idk, a way to codify “study sessions” and the time gap between sessions such that the AI can intuit what parts to review and where to push further. Also maintaining the state of previous study sessions so it’s possible to manually go back and review.
   ↳ (3♥ AUTHOR) I agree, spaced repetition is a critical part of learning and it's currently entirely absent from this. Not sure if it should be handled by its own system or integrated in the same one. Context of previous sessions is really valuable. Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
   ↳ (1♥) yes , Storing the context of what we learned will be extremely useful, like suppose if we are learning a DSA playlist and trying to attempting or any query if the question can be approached in our way or not , is would be extremely helpful but switching/storing the context (memory) maybe a bottleneck .
   ↳ (0♥) i mean you could just have the AI generate anki cards lol
[20] (9♥) Another easy way. Borrowing the Mentat training from the Dune series. I do AI powered puzzles. I take pictures of a hard puzzle,have the AI explain how it works,then have it generate more examples & grade me. You can also have it design different variations or new ones entirely. You can also solve on a timer. This pressure will cause your brain to rewire, making you more capable. Future AI learning systems in schools will probably have a mixture of these. But these are cognition hacks in experimenting with. Having the AI build puzzles to target different areas of my brain. The end goal trying to move like a Mentat or something similar
[21] (8♥) Really refreshing video and project. There is so much resistance in using LLMs for learning, as the opposition doesn't have anything better to say than "just read a book". Projects and teaching methods like this can really add accessibility to learning, because while "just read a book" might work for some, I can proudly say it won't work for me. Interaction and getting constant feedback is how I best learn, and how my learning motivation stays up. Not by locking myself in a room to read a book for several hours.
   ↳ (0♥) Here's "opposition" that has something better to say than "just read a book": This "tool" still requires you to read a lot of text, in fact text and questions are just traditional learning methods, the tool doesn't even add anything different to a normal textbook.
[22] (7♥) Interesting perspective. The current process is closer to what I imagine the Athenian philosophical teaching would have been in the antiquity. It's a conversation, a musing about how to think about a subject. It's free form but with safe guards for critical thinking. Rather that acquiring knowledge, it's more about applying or discovering knowledge. For example, an agent session helped me develop analysis of buying a house with fixed rate credit with quantum (with negative probability not complex amplitudes) accounting. It was interesting to explore the quantum effect in this mundane setup.
   ↳ (0♥) Can you elaborate a bit further about the quantum effect?
[23] (7♥) Yes guys, let me explain and convert something that is very simple to do and understand into something very complicated. So that, the people who have a single desire to learn it will never do that. Let me be a scientist, a programmer, a writer etc and then gatekeep the knowledge with domain specific jargon and sound smart while also make the entry harder for you. You are welcome, please like and subscribe.
   ↳ (1♥) bro over here fighting his own demons. happy for you or sorry it happened
   ↳ (1♥) its fine man do your own thing
[24] (6♥) I use the pi and obsidian combo to read open source repo and then push learnings to obsidian. The quiz insight was new for me, thanks for sharing.
[25] (6♥) I haven't seen the video but I will ask the ai what did you say about ai learning to learn from this video about learning from ai
[26] (6♥) Waste of time. It didn't even occur to you give a wrong answer and show us how the AI makes you "struggle" with the material - it doesn't. Text and a quiz is minimizing effort. This is no better than watching youtube edutainment without touching a pencil. People have spent considerable effort writing books that present the material the best they can in a way that builds understanding and you want to replace that with a slop machine? Use those books and stop looking for shortcuts. If you get stuck on something, then have a back and forth with the AI until you understand it. Then open a new instance and explain it to the AI from a blank prompt until you get it right. If you didn't cheat, you should now be ready to return to the book.
   ↳ (2♥) right?
   ↳ (0♥) Agreed. This method feels entirely convoluted compared to just using a chat instance as an assistant.
[27] (5♥) This is sooo cool. That '1 reasoning step at a time' constraint is my favourite feature. I genuinely wish that was an option on every AI interface.
[28] (5♥) waiting for the skills or some github! Great video!
[29] (5♥) I like the one - one synthesis. But I'm not sure about the modern quiz paradigm. Play seems to be a far better phenomena to learn deeply and building intuiton. Being able to invoke concepts and ideas across many contexts is more useful to me than a quiz. Like sparring or dancing with the knowledge. Quiz is an easy fall back. But I think AI could allow us to create new forms of testing. Conversations themselves are powerful. Especially if they push us to solve the problems from multiple angles in multiple contracts. Like clay.
[30] (5♥) "How I use AI to Learn Things" >starts the video with the important wisdom a teacher should know/learn before teaching anyone as a profession. Well I came for gold i got diamond. If this person knows this I have nothing to argue if I can trust their process and copy myself.
[31] (4♥) One thing that I found also helps a ton is to also write out your own reasoning steps to the ai when you're answering. It's another step that helps the ai filter what you do and don't understand, rather than it having to guess where you went wrong.
[32] (4♥) This is beautiful! And insane actually. For the last two month I’ve been thinking about how to learn better as a dev. It’s like this video took the conclusion I was gathering and just put them together. Very happy I saw this. Thank you.
   ↳ (2♥ AUTHOR) Exactly the experience I wished someone would have with this video. Thank you for sharing :)
[33] (4♥) I think the testing and quizzing should be different. The multiple choice is very useful for the model to 'ascertain' where you are currently and to plan accordingly. However, if you want to actually know and apply the knowledge, it would be beneficial to also include an exam module, wherein you would solve related problems of increasing difficulty. The only difference here would be that there would be no multiple choice, in hopes that you could derive solutions yourself. Whether or not to also include a time limit or marking guideline could be a preference depending on your goals (intro, study, exam prep, etc).
   ↳ (1♥) I like this idea a lot, and in fact, I have tried this. But in my limited experience using ChatGPT 5.2 and whatever version of Gemini Pro was around during the 5.2 release, And even with newer non-American frontier models, is that often what they will end up doing is arguing with you over the wording rather than getting the point. And this depends entirely on model tuning. So if you can get a model to do what you want and work this way, I think it's a great idea. It's just been my experience that as of right now, at least, it's very hit or miss. That's one of the reasons why multiple choice is easier and still serves some purpose.
[34] (4♥) This reducing learning to being programmed... Huge part of learning is what you call "logistics"
   ↳ (0♥) yeah like walking to school 100km away or going to a library instead of using wikipedia or google search millenials have really become the new boomer generation. embarrassing
[35] (4♥) The title of this video should be "How I Use AI to Hyperoptimize the Production of Personalized Educational Slop". There's a reason why people rely on other people for teaching. This shit is garbage. What you're doing is personalized automated Anki flashcards with a lot of extra steps and cost, proceeding to then grandstand about your "Ultimate Learning Toolkit" in front of a broader, largely topically uneducated audience -- using incredibly cheap tactics at that! The graphs you showed throughout the video mean absolutely nothing, but congratulations for learning what cardinality in data modeling is! You use convoluted technical language (e.g. "binary searches the edge on every possible strand..." LMFAO), but you end up not conveying much beyond the apparent fact that you have no idea what the fuck you're talking about throughout 90% of the duration of this video. Let's assume that your source of motivation is not just to appear as supremely intellectual on the internet and you're actually looking into this from an academic perspective -- you speak of the brain and how it processes information in the context of learning, yet you fail to even ONCE provide an adequate source for any of the claims made. You pulled all of this out of your ass my friend (or possibly kimi k3 or whatever you mentioned in the video). Now, another angle of criticism for you, my dear YouTuber -- isn't the entire point of learning shit to be able to draw the complex relationships between things that seemingly are not related at all? Why even attempt to abstract this away? (not taking into account the futility of your attempts -- 2 MD files and a 100$ subscription ain't gonna cut it) P.S. NotebookLM already does this and does it better -- you give it YOUR OWN materials, which are presumably given to you by some educational institution. This ensures that there will be little to no hallucinations, but is not foolproof either way. AND you get flashcards, summaries and whatever else it is you need. As for the other comments, I am taken aback by the sheer amount of unconditional glaze and apparent lack of critical thinking. This guy is likely a fraud, or at the very least a person with an incredibly inflated ego trying to inflate it further by flexing his "superior intellect-boosting framework" to the general public.
[36] (4♥) Great material, thanks Please work on your pronunciation, i mean: there are a lot of unnecessary small pauses in your speech that are, in my opinion, irritating
   ↳ (3♥) It's funny how everyone who criticizes other people's videos has never made a single video themselves.
   ↳ (0♥) Such a meaningless thing to point out...
[37] (3♥) I like how you apply the real state of technology to your own problems, that's highly unusual
[38] (3♥) Really great video, it gaves me lot of idea to improve my curent learning workflow
[39] (3♥) Great video. Do you have any video on how to set things up like this ?
[40] (3♥) I really want to extract the "engine" of Justin Sung's learning approach and make AI tool out of it
   ↳ (1♥) Ghub yzolotarev ai-study-engine
[41] (3♥) kindly share the skills
[42] (3♥) What has the cost of different lessons look like? Would you be comfortable sharing some examples of token usages, costs, and personal opinion?
[43] (3♥) hey man do you have a github repository for this? would be quite useful
[44] (3♥) can we please get a github link for this, pretty please?
[45] (3♥) isn't this really expensive? All the tokens?
[46] (3♥) github??
[47] (3♥) github please
[48] (3♥) The problem is we wanna learn, but not forcefully memorize everything. You think tesla, newton Einstein, elon musk, steve jobs, bill gates memorized stuff, it got embedded into their memory while working on those things, But in the name of learning all we get to do is memorize, want a software engineering job, memorise 1000 DSA questions, system design, front end back end definitions, or else we'll never get a job. No matter how creative you are, how passionate you are about the tech, if you can't memorise and vomit those words in front of the interviewer you can't get a job. No matter how much you love to be a software engineer, but there are always going to be parts of it which you won't like, and just because they are hard, they get asked in the interview, they are never used in the job, but just to filter the competition they ask useless stuff, same goes for any kind is competitive exam.
   ↳ (0♥) Never thought about this, insightful.
[49] (3♥) Should have looked deeper into pedagogy because the quality of learning matters. As adults, we're in a unique position where we can actually decide a higher quality of learning than what we got in schools and college. It is merely my intuition that studying with AI should NOT look like a typical one-on-one teacher-student relationship. Instead, i suggest looking into this from the perspective of an actively inquiring student instead of an actively guiding teacher. An example to improve your workflow from this perspective is to realize that you can give yourself a way to "play"/challenge/poke around with the subject matter. Perhaps more important than teachers are collaborative learning, where you actually get to express and bounce ideas with another human... or AI!
[50] (3♥) Is this voice AI?
   ↳ (2♥) Yes
[51] (3♥) You could likely improve the system even further by to some extent applying the Ecological Psychology approach to measuring comprehension via RQA
   ↳ (2♥ AUTHOR) This seems fascinating. Don't know enough to say more. Looks like my system will be teaching me ecological psychology next.
[52] (3♥) or you could, you know, just read a proper well written math book
   ↳ (0♥) yeah, keep that mindset, wish u the best and keep following it. glad that u wont be my competitor lmao.
[53] (3♥) I feel like with those AI teach skills and learning systems, you trick yourself into thinking that you'll learn better by letting the AI do more work. You're letting the AI make the plan of learning, finding your own weaknesses, quizzes.. But really you would benefit more by trying, failing a lot and let the AI correct you. Quizzes and small problems are too shallow for that. Teach back to the AI, try to identify your knowledge gaps and fix them with the AI, try problems from books, that are more complex and better structured. You will always know better than the AI, what you don't understand and what you have a hard time with. All that do say, you should focus more about you being more curious and self aware rather than trying to make an infallible system.
[54] (2♥) I can't emphasize enough how inspiring this video is for me. My mind is going a million miles per hour thinking about all of the ways this system can be improved. It's the proof-of-concept many of us needed, and I think you can feel responsible and take credit for the influx of teaching harnesses myself and many other will begin working on from this day forward. So thank you!
[55] (2♥) It feels good to see that there are other people like you and people in the comments looking for a solution to improve education with AI. What I found interesting in your approach to this problem was use of probing questions, and graphs.
[56] (2♥) this gave me an idea
[57] (2♥) It's a great idea, but can you please share the setup!!
[58] (2♥) Great breakdown. Love the 1-on-1 concept, definitely gave me some ideas to try in my own learning workflow. Do you feel like actually reasoning through an answer sticks better long-term than just doing multiple-choice quizzes?
   ↳ (1♥ AUTHOR) Yes, definitely. Multiple choice in this system is primarily a measurement instrument, not the learning instrument. The probing has to be quick and multiple choice forces the AI to formulate a correct answer beforehand. I agree that for practice it's different. Longer, harder problems is the way to go. Glad you found ideas for your own workflow :)
[59] (2♥) Hi Good approach but couple of things which are missing crossed my mind while i was watching First one catched me on the many outlets to one student part. Learning modalities are a real thing. It is a very good practice to pick the set of modalities that fits best for particular topic (not for the person tho, that's wrong approach afaik) and switch between them, so 1 - you involve literally more "parts" of your brain to get into the topic and 2 - you get tired less (aka allocation is more optimal), even though you switch. Same thing with quizes - its not a universal way to check your understanding of a topic. There are tons of kinds, and they're also topic-dependant I'm also working on my own approach and would love to see how you develop yours, thnx
[60] (2♥) can you please release the full setup?
[61] (2♥) I am a total noob. I got lost in your setup and UI! could you show us how you set it up and how things work? The simultaneity in multiple Windows was too much for me. A but of break down would be very helpful. Other than that I understand the philosophy behind your methods. It is really good. I think I'll follow it.
[62] (2♥) you may be a genius
[63] (2♥) Could you share links to the extensions and skills mentioned in the video?
[64] (2♥) can someone remind me to return here once the stuff is open sourced? like on github or anywhere else
[65] (2♥) Hey man, i see your on mac and i wanted to ask if you knew about Prime Intellect? its a fork of PI which is a RLM (recursive language model) which is just better for memory and from what i can see its better in general, i dont think it would be a big switch and i think it could help you
[66] (2♥) What do you think of NotebookLM and wonderApp they both counter the same issue from different perspectives?
[67] (2♥) Does this model work with other languages?
[68] (2♥) Hi. Did you open it on github?
[69] (2♥) Hello, by any chance do you have a github or somewhere where you are sharing this setup? Thank you in advance
[70] (2♥) I think you should drop quiz, and just straight up answer the questions, without any additional clues from other variants. Quiz is used to make checking a lot of students fast, it's completely useless in this case and just starves model from additional context you could provide. And also generate questions on the go, with your previous answers in the context, this way model will converge on your level of understanding much faster, because it won't be trying to cover all bases.
   ↳ (1♥) Precisely. The idea of a quiz is arguably antiquated. You have a magic box that can your answer in moments. Why do you need multiple choice?
   ↳ (1♥) Very good point, you just reminded me that sometimes when I don't know the answer, I try to use the multiple choice framework to "cheat" a little. Now that I think about it, this could serve as another way of building a knowledge tree. Not only for your own personal use and for AI to use as a database of "your" knowledge and what you need to be reminded of, but for public view as a different form of "proof of knowledge" as is needed for a job, college, or whatever else.
[71] (2♥) Github please
[72] (2♥) In 7:01 what's the UI you use on the left? Is that vs code?
   ↳ (3♥) Nvm it's obsidian
[73] (2♥) how can we link pi to obsidian?😊
   ↳ (2♥) My understanding is that you don't "link". You have Pi write its output in the path where Obsidian reads from and when Pi writes and Obsidian refreshes, you'll see the new content. The skill can be made to save its output in that way.
[74] (2♥) Why. Do. You. Speak. Like. That...
[75] (2♥) Please release your setup.
[76] (2♥) whats wrong with your voice?
   ↳ (1♥) AI
[77] (2♥) How about use your brain?
[78] (2♥) use a beter software for vouce recording and use music
   ↳ (6♥) the audio is super fine, and music will not add anything at all, much better without. by the way, your videos on your channel is amazing @DronRane , how do you do that???
[79] (1♥) One thing I like about the video, is how real it is, even in the title, it doesn't say "How To Learn Anything With AI" but rather "How I Use AI to Learn Things", great work : D
[80] (1♥) Interesting approach. I was currently thinking about this topic and you just appeared in the perfect moment, thanks!
[81] (1♥) Absolutely love this content!
[82] (1♥) Excellent video. I never thought about doing this before, but I have so many ideas. Subscribed! Some people have put in some complaints in the comments. Ignore them. There's nothing wrong with the sound quality, your pronunciation or the presentation at all.
[83] (1♥) this is pretty amazing.
[84] (1♥) Just build a mindmap of everything.
[85] (1♥) So glad i stumbled onto this. Ill still do the bulk of my learning from textbooks and own research but have wanted an ai based environment to follow alongside. Will be interesting to see how this setup improves overtime. Ideally i think it would be cool for the frontier models to provide their own teaching mode that could be customised so everything could stay within a unified platform. Hopefully thats not too far away
[86] (1♥) I made something like this for myself and using it for a long time but this one is more sophisticated in terms of agent integration and all
[87] (1♥) Wow, just Wow!! Really positive useful uses of AI
[88] (1♥) thanks man real value here
[89] (1♥) I've been meaning to build this ai quiz and learn system, but your exectution is so much better than what I could imagine! For improvements, I think it could be sourced and anchored in textbook context, which would help with course content!
[90] (1♥) Incredible! You should release it
[91] (1♥) I'm amazed by this! I'm building something around a very similar topic too (i dont post the link because i dont want to be spammy). What I find really exciting is how AI can enable us to completely personalize education, and combining that with GenUI could make the learning experience even more adaptive and effective. I really think this is where the future of education is heading, and it's a topic I want to keep exploring.
[92] (1♥) Why did my brain instantly think this was being narrated by Anthony Jeselnik?
[93] (1♥) good stuff -- I also have em create html pages w interactive widgets or an entire site w astro
[94] (1♥) Release repo please! This is mind blowing.
[95] (1♥) Super Hyvä Video 😭
[96] (1♥) From growtopia to these kind of stuff. Hello Mr Amos!!
[97] (1♥) Great work. I think some huge upgrades would be: 1. if the AI could route me to already made snippets of high end content rather than trying to summarize everything itself and decreasing the quality of instruction. 2. Provided a flash card like app on the phone so that I can nail the vocabulary and details important to memorize in order to move forward 3. Lean more heavily on Socratic methods in the chat so that it never has to guess why I answered certain things on quizzes
[98] (1♥) I watch all these vids twice.
[99] (1♥) It's funny how I had the exact same idea a few months back, but never got around to building it. Thrilled to see it in action. The AI world really does move fast.
   ↳ (0♥) ngl this field is so new and fresh I am just gas lighting myself when i find a new way to use agent that it might not be the right way but turns out it can be for a very specific thing or some niche domain.
[100] (1♥) Dude subbed right away! Amazing content! I am jumping on the bandwagon: release the github!!
[101] (1♥) Nice video
[102] (1♥) Please share, I love this system! I really want to use it to learn all kinds of things.
[103] (1♥) Great videos man, you earn a sub! I also seen your previous learning video topics and what I can conclude so far is that your system is more for subjects that all the other facts can be derived from logical reasoning. But how about for language learning and acquisition? Have you ever thought about how your system would adapt for this goal, like is the main principle still the same? Curious to know what you think about it, and might gave you ideas for your next vid.
   ↳ (1♥ AUTHOR) Thank you, and you raise a good point. I don't think this would be a good way to learn languages. The derivation based format might work for grammar, and the system knowing which languages you already know could give it useful connections to make. But language learning is a fundamentally different process, mostly about input and surrounding yourself in the language.
[104] (1♥) if we had everyone doing their own llms , we could have a decentralized ai ecosystem and new markets would flourish </3
[105] (1♥) Brother, release this shit!
[106] (1♥) I think you'd actually really like cloud in a bottle bc it can host pi and jupyter notebooks in a persistent way.
[107] (1♥) Pls share it so we can properly judge
[108] (1♥) Looking for how? Have it create a test that attempts different methods, and see what worked best and refine over time based on the user.
[109] (1♥) It took me a while to comment after watching this video. I've been experimenting with AI-assisted learning for quite some time now, and this system is absolutely revolutionary. I managed to get it running in Pi and in OpenCode, extending your base with my own modifications. It now produces HTML output and flashcards, just to name a couple. Really grateful for this system. Thanks for your contribution!
   ↳ (0♥) Can you share it?
[110] (1♥) Multiple outlets are actually needed so you don't over fit to the teaching style or format
[111] (1♥) Dude, great video. I believe the concept is similar to what Alpha School utilizes for their AI-assisted teaching. I used your repo with a few changes and aced a data analytics exam. Your idea is very well thought out, in the structure of learning. Many thanks!
   ↳ (0♥) Is it open source,dude?
[112] (1♥) Opensource it bro! Would love to support
[113] (1♥) Udemy with ai. Me learning rust programming
[114] (1♥) Thank you! How do you do the Info grafics ?
[115] (1♥) 11:11 multiple choice is not good enough, you can kind of wing it with bad options for the other three
[116] (1♥) This seems more of a system that works for your learning style rather than a system that can be used as a base and customizable. It also seems like a debuff to design the system with the expectation that the AI doesn't know you. Some sort of agent memory, not a full fledge system mind you, but more of not a blank slate every time. For alternative approaches to the AI learning system, there's the /teach skill by Matt Pocock that may give you more ideas. I wouldn't say either yours or his are the better system. They're both interesting approaches, that can still be improved on.
   ↳ (2♥) I've been using the Matt Pococks /teach skill for quite some time. The base is very good, however it always needs some adjustments to become truly useful. By default, it creates too short and too shallow lessons, without any quizzes or tasks. Very barebones. However with some adjustments it may become very good. You can tell it: 1) make the lessons be truly structured from the ground up (so it doesn't skip explanations of stuff, which it does by default) 2) more deep and long, say ~30 minutes as a guideline 3) add quizzes and tasks throughout the lessons to test the knowledge 4) make it create an "index" of lessons (a home page with a list of lessons). That way, it became pretty useful for me (while the default lessons without the above customizations were like 2 minutes of some shallow reference material). Also what I usually do is let it generate batches of lessons, like 3 (long, deep) lessons at a time, so it doesn't lose the context as easily. Then by looking at the index, you can always confirm what's planned for the future as well and do some adjustments when needed.
[117] (1♥) 我也一直在想用AI构建一套渐进式学习的程序，但是感觉并没有什么系统性的思路😹
[118] (1♥) Bro please share it
[119] (1♥) In what system did you traverse whereby your one teacher aggregated all the sources?
[120] (1♥) Thats fun but its more for like shallow grind for exams or interviews? I think one should really sit down with pen and paper and struggle.
[121] (1♥) Are you periodically compressing the context? If not, how are you managing the context window?
[122] (1♥) I've been trying something similar to get into competitive programming and grinding leetcode, although not as sophisticated as your setup. How would you personally build it? I'd appreciate the dotfiles of this one too.
[123] (1♥) What is your obsidian theme?
[124] (1♥) Your bday is the same as mine lol
[125] (1♥) What is the name of the obsidian theme?
[126] (1♥) i also made something like this to keep up with new tech in software and also for my job but its not really indepth like you did, im curious how did you structure your prompt for it to be like that
[127] (1♥) ok pero cual es el prompt? ntc buen contenido, gracias
[128] (1♥) broo where can i get those skills can you please share those skill ??
[129] (1♥) RELEASE THE GITHUB
[130] (1♥) How can you explain & show it in such a great way just to not provide a github with the entire setup/config.
[131] (1♥) A release would be fantastic. Any specific reason why you use Pi as the harness?
   ↳ (0♥) He has a video on it: https://youtu.be/hQGAwD9vkLo?si=TE2wut0wZWWx9g6f
[132] (1♥) How do you build AI systems like these like I have an idea but I don't know how to make the system work
[133] (1♥) What hardware are you running this on, if I may ask? This is really interesting and I am looking for a new computer anyways (but have absolutely 0 experience with running Models locally, so I'd like to at least roughly know what I should be looking for) Edit: I am now even more confused as, or so I'm told, you need astronomical amounts of VRAM to run ts Edit: I understand it now
[134] (1♥) mind you share the github repo?
[135] (1♥) I used claude code to create a ai based learning system but didn't come up like I wanted and you're explaining. Please releasse your setup
[136] (1♥) Are you also comparing with a more traditional learning style?
[137] (1♥) what's the tui you're using?
[138] (1♥) This is a really interesting concept but I'm ultimately skeptical of whether or not its actually an optimal or even desireable way to teach compared to human-led education. Not that teachers or educational istitutes are without flaws (just coming out of tertiary myself, holy MOLY do they ever have a ton of them), but I can also recognise a ton of benefits in that system and those teachers that AI is currently incapable of reproducing. My thoughts are a little scattered on the subject, so forgive me if I'm a bit rambly. Also, I will be the first to enthusiastically acknowledge that our current methods of teaching are rife with problems of their own, so I don't want to make it out to be that human-teaching is somehow without flaw. That being said, in optimising for only the hard factors of education (that is, getting the understanding of the course material from the textbook into the heads of the students), you ultimately optimise away from a huge host of the other, not necessarily obvious benefits that human-led education brings to the table. By providing education in a one to many or many to many setting, with multiple teachers teaching multiple students across a variety of subject matters, we also allow the students to benefit from a whole host of experiences that help develop soft skills that are just as if not more important to their day to day lives and professional development that an AI teacher simply cannot provide. Off the top of my head, some of those benefits include stuff like: - Having ready access to a forum of peers where you can discuss material and experience the learning process alongside others. Just having an actual person to talk to about the material is something AI will forever struggle with because it's not a person. - The opportunity to draw and learn from a (especially in tertiary education where not all students are children or just-turned adults) wide variety of life experiences to help develop perspective on both the study material and life as a whole. - Having teachers that can intuit and adjust learning material/experiences/provide supports for students not just based on hard factors (such as what the student already knows), but also their mood, health, disability and so on. - Having a means to engage with educational material in a tactile, physical manner that doesn't involve staring at a screen all day. An especially important aspect to any field of study that isn't purely theoretical or that only involves computers or mathematics (also generally important for a person's wellbeing but /shrug). - The opportunity to develop professional contacts and personal relationships with your peers that can last you throughout your career and potentially life, helping to build support networks for people and foster collaborative mindsets for personal and professional settings. - Having someone to hold accountable for the education you're recieving. Both AI and people make mistakes or give you false information, but the AI ultimately can never actually "care" or be held responsible for performing poorly as an instructor. - Having a teacher who's able to identify/intuit and fill in educational gaps that an AI might never be able to notice or even "think" that it needs to fill. For example, a teacher might recognise that a student would be able to understand the material far better if they instead took a quick detour into the basics of a distantly related but completely out-of-scope subject matter before moving on to the actual learning material. - Having someone who can actually provide meaningful and insightful feedback and adjustments to a student's output and day-to-day learning, especially during iterative assessments or drafts where the context window of an AI will have extreme difficulties or outright fail at keeping up with what a human teacher will be able to provide. On top of that, the drawbacks of AI education that give me serious concerns about its efficacy include stuff like: - The aforementioned lack of accountability or emotional responsibility of an AI. - Its inherent isolating approach to education and how it silos people away from eachother, further excacerbating the potential for a "one truth" approach to education that potentially stifles creativity, experimentation and putting a lot of power into the hands of those who develop these technologies (and the associated peverse incentives those people or institutions to manipulate educational material). - The (IMO) insane difficulties of actually implementing an AI that provides a robust education, leading to a teaching paradigm that's essentially just a fancy quizzing bot that can't actually reasonably judge a student's competency or learning progress on a subject matter. Ultimately, im super interested in how AI can be used as an assistive tool for education. There's a lot of really interesting studies on AI's impacts on educaiton and how, in certain circumstances, it can actually be beneficial as part of the overall learning toolkit of a student,. But I think ultimately an AI "instructor" misses the mark on where this technology is actually going to be useful in the long-run. Profitable? Yeah, probably. But as a teacher I don't ever think it's going to reasonably perform any better than a sub-par human teacher as far as education is concerned.
[139] (1♥) Ok but how did you acutally make this tool?
[140] (1♥) release the skills bro
[141] (1♥) everyone wants the spoonfeed. he literally word for word told you what where when how and why and y'all are like where's the github lmao
[142] (1♥) why using obsidian if you can use vs code and opening script and jupyter notebook as well?
[143] (1♥) Neat framework but I'd still be worried about misinformation both from hallucinations and from the sources pulled from.
   ↳ (0♥) Human teachers fall into the same traps, whether they know it or not.
[144] (1♥) github?
[145] (1♥) The partial differential in the thumbnail is wrong, is it not?!
[146] (1♥) I actually tried to "extract the engine" of Justin Sung's approach and uploaded it. I really hope we all can develop something like this - I think it's about time. yzolotarev ai-study-engine
[147] (1♥) you sound exhausted bro
[148] (1♥) I wanna study compiler design with it can you share your pi setup please ?
   ↳ (0♥) he gave the link to repo in the desc
[149] (1♥) specifically to your teaching theory: i’d disagree that students objectively learn best from only one teacher - i’d argue it’s a LARGE part of the learning process for a student to know how to understand and interpret the material from different teachers - different teachers have different teaching styles, and a student learning material from multiple teachers will have better adapted to understanding that material from multiple perspectives (and to think critically) - trust is a better argument for single teacher, but this is more on WHAT is being taught, not HOW it is being taught - trust can be covered as long as the input sources are truthful; which is a separate thing than whether the teaching styles themselves work
   ↳ (1♥) - also, not trusting the teacher forces the student to think critically, as teacher could be wrong - and i’d argue this is NECESSARY, as the student must always question the teacher, if student ever wishes to go above and beyond to surpass their teacher (i think this is a fundamental truth; see papers on how dumber LLMs train future generations of smarter LLMs this way)
[150] (1♥) did you use ai to learn learning ?
[151] (1♥) or read a book
[152] (1♥) There is a difference between knowing and learning. The act of discovering the thing yourself creates neural pathways in your brain because it is connected to a feeling, while using ai to handle the friction for you feels like you are performing to learn
[153] (1♥) I think the problem with this is you still come away with a very surface level understanding because current frontier llms don't have a good theory of mind and so they can't figure out what is deep about a subject. You will learn some basic ways to solve a quiz on differential forms or a simple application of stokes theorem, but you will not learn deep conceptual insights typically from these approaches because llms are simply terrible at understanding deep conceptual insights currently and can't figure out how to not turn any learning example into khan academy which gives the illusion of learning something by being able to compute and being able to look at some images. I hope this changes in the future, but right now they are not good as primary learning resources whatsoever
[154] (1♥) GITHUB
[155] (1♥) Release a github
[156] (1♥) I found God in this video
   ↳ (0♥) how so?
[157] (1♥) To be honest it doesn't seem to really provide much more than what a simple prompt in a chatgpt would achieve.
   ↳ (3♥) Thats the problem. Its an illusion, providing no real value
[158] (1♥) If you dont study in english the chinise models will have a hard time translating...
[159] (1♥) I've also been trying to design a cognitive-preserving harness, an agentic workflow that doesn't make me depend on it but takes over when the labor/learning ratio clearly maximizes. l really wish the agent harnesses ship with a native socratic mentoring mode because more and more capable these harnesses become the more I depend on them to finish a work. Thank you for this reference!
[160] (1♥) really good vid, but i think your premises aren't entirely accurate, how well you learn something isn't that dependent on how much you trust who's telling you to you, on the contrary blindly trusting the framing your teachers gives you will problably lead to less nuanced understanding reason being you're far less likely to ask questions as to why the topic is the way it is because you assume the framing is just correct because of who's saying it. You did argue however that one teacher doesn't mean one perspective but to actually acess those other perspectives you'd need to not just accept however the person who's teaching you framed it initially, which would require being skeptical. The tool you made is good in many ways, such a roadmap for learning which cuts out a lot of wasted time on what to study, and the inclusion of feedback at all is good, and i think the fact you seemed to make these reasoning steps and actually program them is pretty amazing, however i think the format of the questions is limited (as in using quizzes) you can only learn so much from quizzes, and as you said yourself its very easy to gaslight oneself thinking they understood something when you haven't. And quizzes especially multiple choices quizzes are one of the easiest formats to do that with. The problem with quizzes is that : 1. you have the answered already layed out for you, you could wing it and pick one you're not confident in and be correct, and the feedback you'd get back is that you are correct and you should continue on with that level of understanding even though you dont really get it because we're not measuring how deep the knowledge is just whether or not the correct choice was taken, hence giving you the illusion of learning. The alternative having to make up an answer yourself avoid you just picking the option that seems most familiar, forces you to actually work mentally for the answer you give, and depending on how well that explanation goes it problably reflects your true mastery of the topic which the AI can correct your thought process in, this would be better in topics that are less procedural like maths, where there are nuanced answers that would be better if explained directly, as it would capture the learners true understanding. Essentially what im arguing is quizzes can only make you good at applying formulas (which for a topic like math is quite important) and choosing familiar definitions or answers, which dependent on what you're studying for could be all you need, but it can't really ever go beyond that, and i don't think results in true long term knowledge that you could transfer into new things you learn, because whether or not you could come up with these answers yourself or why you came to that conclusion is not something quizzes measure. 2. Quizzes can only tell you so much about someone initial knowledge of a topic (which is very important in your first step as thats what you use to create the rest of the program), ive already argued how quizzes can easily give you the illusion of mastery, but especially in the beginning when acessing someone initial knowledge of a topic i think they are not the best option at all, to know how much someone knows of physics initally for example, i would never be able to know how good someone is at physics by how they answer a quizz, i dont know how shallow that knowledge is or if they genuinely have a complex understanding of why things are the way they are and can apply it in various situations, again because quizz gives you the choice already, you don't have to reason or explain things at all, a better alternative would be during the initial asessement the AI asking relatively complex questions (not just an answer of fact but rather a situation where you would need to apply what you already know) and ask the student to explain then rate that explanation out of 10, maybe from then you could add a threshold for how accurate a person understanding needs to be for you to consider that topic understood, but a simple "what is X?" is very limited, i think its important to get a persons skill level right because it could lead them to miss fundamentals they aren't that knowledgable in, and thus influence how well they learn the entire study program. other than that i quite enjoyed the video, i like your editing, and i think the process was unique and i like how it was methodical. if you're curious on learning research i'd recommend Justin sung, or benjamin keep. i think blooms taxonomy is also a usefull concept for things i said about quizzes (quizzes can only really do the remember and understanding part of learning)
   ↳ (0♥ AUTHOR) Good feedback, thank you. I've noted this down.
[161] (1♥) This is too much "math/logic", how about using it for philosophy/books? Like for example nietzsche or something, it would work?
[162] (1♥) Most advice here may make you feel like you’re “learning” things but you’ll eventually learn that you just outsourced your critical thinking skills to a slop machine and turned your mind into a slop.
[163] (1♥) Seems really token-absorbing
   ↳ (1♥) Most of the time, in my experience, it's better to waste tokens than to not use them at all. It's like working out: is the most optimal plan you never follow better than a sub-optimal plan you consistently follow? Sub-optimal wins.
[164] (0♥) I don't think I've encountered a video as enlightening and cool as this in months. I also think I found a very ineteresting channel to follow. All my support, you got a new follower
[165] (0♥) This is such a cool idea and a great implementation of a unique approach to AI in education. Got it running myself and was very impressed with how natural it felt to be quizzed about my current understanding and use that as a foundation for instruction to better understand the topic. Well done!
[166] (0♥) I really liked the framing of the many to many problem, it was very thoughtful!
[167] (0♥) This is LITERALLY my kind of channel, binary search reference to find the edge of knowledge, use of AI but also noticing the slop BUT ALSO not minding too much about it because the learning is good, AND THE DEMO IS PHYSICS. HELL YEAH.
[168] (0♥) I know that my goal is more than a thought. I'll be there when I teach what I've been taught!
[169] (0♥) Insanely good content, and fabulous execution of your goal using Pi. Super impressive. Subscribed for more, thank you!
[170] (0♥) this is actually great, i actually use these tools to do a lot of my learning nowadays, its mostly adhoc "prompt, verify, study". I will definitely try this method, thanks for sharing :D
[171] (0♥) I've been using a local model + copy pasted sources to generate exams to quiz my understanding of new concepts - this seems like a MASSIVE upgrade!
[172] (0♥) Really amazing. Eye opening.
[173] (0♥) This is an amazing and well thought out system. I learn a lot from youtube videos. End up telling my ‘learning’ agent to tell me where to pause. and quizzes me with objective and subjective questions. Also, even I use one specific directory for learning. One thing I like more about my setup is it asks a lot more questions. so more quizzing. Also not a fan of obsidian. Now that I think about it, would be lovely to have a weekly or monthly recap agent go through the logs or sessions in the learning to give weekly quizzes of all different things that has been learned.
[174] (0♥) Very very cool, thank you for sharing.
[175] (0♥) Great content as always <3
[176] (0♥) This is top-tier content.
[177] (0♥) Great video! I'll try it tomorrow🎉
[178] (0♥) I've been exploring this myself. My approach is different. I had not considered this yet. Very excited to dive in. Great work!
[179] (0♥) Absolutely brilliant. To echo the comments section, I would love to get my hands on this. Thanks for your insights anyhow - I will definitely need to start thinking about introducing AI into my second brain.
[180] (0♥) Great video, glad you touched on the aggregate of perspective. One thing that comes to mind is that sometimes the mediums or outlets themselves have perspective ingrained in them that might be hard to aggregate into a single interface. Perspective that would ultimately be valuable. Like less popular/downvoted comments in a stackoverflow thread, or the specific wording an author uses in their textbook. I think these things can be harder to measure and aggregate but can also adjust how you approach a topic and learn from it. Sometimes the context, searching, and tangents associated with learning something are more valuable than the content itself.
[181] (0♥) Happy to see marimo in the mix 😃
[182] (0♥) cant wait to try the system 🔥
[183] (0♥) My first comment on youtube ever, just to say: Keep going! I'm still eating your video, your value is insane and i like you'r style.
[184] (0♥) As a senior engineering student I zoomed in on the thumbnail becuase of the diffeeq and the bad memories of HT and FM came back
[185] (0♥) Cool video , will use this
[186] (0♥) I'm really looking forward to trying out your system soon.
[187] (0♥) Hope to see this released. Very interested in testing this on non STEM learning paths.
[188] (0♥) This video gave me a lot to think about, especially checking understanding through explanation and practice. I’m building a small open-source tutor skill based on these ideas for Codex and Claude Code.
[189] (0♥) Love the topic, I subscribed
[190] (0♥) Great video!
[191] (0♥) Really cool perspective! Here are some things you may like to try: 1. Instead of providing the topic itself you want to learn, I would orient it towards goals instead. This way the model has more context to work with, aswell as help with the scope of the study plan and lessons. So if the objective is to "be able to answer integral problems" it already knows to focus more on practice and what not. A probing phase to align the goal ans study plan would also be cool. 2. Implementing a research phase may help with finding different teaching styles, so it can give you the one most tailered to your tastes. For example, in my system it recommends books on the topic im about to learn. I then feed these books—in a totally legal manner ;)—, it does an analysis on the teaching style and uses it to guide it's teaching. This research phase may also include brainstorming different tangencial concepts to be sure it isn't missing any potential links. Those are some things I implement on my own system and has helped a lot. I will definitely be implementing some of your ideas on mine aswell!
[192] (0♥) Great video! Would love to see how you have your set up.
[193] (0♥) cool stuff! one thing about quizzes (maybe this is just a me thing) is that I do feel like in 80% i'm able to reason through the answers and come up what the correct one is, but in the end i don't feel like i'd come up with this myself. i think it would be even better of a system if you don't get the answers, just rawdogging it Feyman style — that way you test if you actually understand the subject. again, that may be just me. cool learning setup!
[194] (0♥) 10/10 voiceover 🗣
[195] (0♥) We are recreating canvas modules with quizzes from first principles
[196] (0♥) i've made something about using ai like that,and i believe it should not be an agent but some thing inside gui, so i can change between claude and chatgpt with all my learning memory,creating something like that is really encouraging.
[197] (0♥) Amazing
[198] (0♥) It is funny how we have come to the almost same skill being created in pursuit of learning, i have some ideas to improve mine now after seeing this, my skills can use some verification part and how nicely you have it integrated with obsidian. One improvement i can suggest is that add a prompt for saving to memory of what questions the learner should have asked but didn't, which can be used later to promote inquisitiveness in the learner
[199] (0♥) Got a 1520 on my SAT with Claude. Genuinely just gave it all the problems I missed, drilled the concepts, took a practice test, repeat. It works.
   ↳ (0♥) can you share the prompt
[200] (0♥) Can you please make a tutorial on how to set this up? Great video
[201] (0♥) Future possible addition/Idea. Maybe it would be beneficial to have this "teacher(s)" linked to a personal "database" or your personal knowledge tree. So that you and the AI's know what you know and possibly, in the future, can serve as a public "proof of knowledge". Meaning, instead of a resume needed for a job, a knowledge tree would suffice and possibly be more contextual for the job interviewer. Or to whoever the "knowledge-tree" could benifit form referencing.
[202] (0♥) Nice video bro
[203] (0♥) I dunno if you've ever heard of knowledge tracing, but this seems like it would complement this project well. This is mad cool
[204] (0♥) I would really recommend reading the skill /teach by matt pocock that does almost exactly what you're trying to achieve.
[205] (0♥) i love it.
[206] (0♥) Holy shit, I was just preparing to make almost the same system, but specifically for learning to code!
[207] (0♥) Great video! Could you please release the contents of the teach skill?
[208] (0♥) i think a fork feature is very helpful. somethimes when learning you get an explanation but there is something specific in that explanation that doesnt make sense,maybe a definetion or a formula etc. if you are able to fork from there another convo and when that concept is clear you return to the original, where you can fork again or continue etc. the main branch can know that you forked and maybe be provided a summury.
[209] (0♥) dude make a video on how to set this up please.. it's so goated
[210] (0♥) would really appreciate if you make a video about how to set up all of this
[211] (0♥) I've been building the same loop ，the project is named T2AG in g-b,and u can use it in gui like claude desktop or chatgpt,study just like studying in school,need a book,and it will create lesson through models,andu can ask model whatever question u like to ask, and u can keep asking as long as u want,it will store students' ideas, the chain of thoughts, nature identity and provide feedback.. well im a new user of ai ,but i've been use it for 2 months,and share it with my friends before.I do believe if i share this ,it will help some people. and i appreciate all the suggestions.
[212] (0♥) This is cool
[213] (0♥) i need this
[214] (0♥) Would love to get the skill file and also learn how you're integrating with Obsidian
[215] (0♥) your learn skill is similiar to mine. I use web page as my course paper, every learn topic agent will grill me until it know my backgroud. after grill, it will make whole course design. after design, agent can create each lesson
[216] (0♥) thank you John Wick for this video.
[217] (0♥) Next Step: Get an Agent to automate the tedious task of answering those Tests and 100x your learning. Fascinating project, especially the literal usage of the learning graph as explicit stepwise process states, I suddetly have this strange desiere to learn about induction again, or or learn about recursion (recoursvly ofc,), will i see something new deviding and concering mergesort from within. Or will it make me dizzy and loose d bigger picture like the bug locked inside the rectangle... Excuse that haha one or two notes If I may (risking to expose my skillgap): I liked that theory Section at the eginning especially talking abou it that abstract and trying to derive from basic principles allmost. But I did not fully understand where in the materialised system they are at home (probably just got confused by 3 agents as I saw them more like one teacher). Aaand where my tokens go mostly: plots are free now !! yipii (interactive vector field quiiz and the questions become almost trivial haha - helps mostly with intuion)
[218] (0♥) Another issue to one to many outlets is that the learnings from each outlet is segregated. Each outlet will teach their "subject" independently from other outlets and the subjects they teach, making it harder to connect different topics that could be related and feed each other..
[219] (0♥) I have been using the same method, I actually do not have anything against AI. I use LMstudio etc to run local models and make them personal tutors. Studying is very easy this way.
[220] (0♥) I added runescape style stat (subject) levelling to mine
[221] (0♥) Please share the pi skills 🙏 this is exactly what I’ve been trying to setup
[222] (0♥) Hey that's a great Idea! Really like your project and it has some features of things I also build myself in my system. Wanna talk about it some time? I think your view of learning only new things at the edge misses the things that you can learn by revisiting old things and forgetting some details therefore discovering new connections you couldn't see before because you know to much and your attention was mislead in the process.
[223] (0♥) This is good stuff. What about using thus with books in a context? I mean math books specifically
[224] (0♥) Are you reading my mind?
[225] (0♥) I use notebook lm + with obsidian + pureRef + a quiz app i vibecoded
[226] (0♥) I've done something very similar but based it on instead of concepts, already created material, with the goal of creating fluency using spaced repetition. This is like a first principles approach. Will try and compare, maybe integrated spaced rep during quiz portions. Need idea for way to continually review
[227] (0♥) Please make an app or website integrating all of the information above- I dont undertand the software part that you explained in the video and I really got confused on what you did
[228] (0♥) took drained all my energy in the first 10 secs
[229] (0♥) Some interesting image model programs and HTML generation might better stimulate students' interest. Anyway, for me.
[230] (0♥) Premium YouTube content!
[231] (0♥) will you integrate some way of feeding it your own data? Books, lectures, presentations, notes etc etc?
[232] (0♥) Have I missed how the AI procure itself reliable external knowledge sources ? because for trust that seem important to be able to quote sources, and to void any hallucination attempt, for example in niche subjects.
[233] (0♥) it seems that the only way that the AI tests your understanding is through multiple choice questions. i just find that multiple choice can't judge how well you understand something and it can be very easy to cheese a multiple choice system imo (through process of elimination). What instead helped me a lot with learning was answering open ended questions. Perhaps have the AI ask you an open ended question, such as "explain what guass's theory means conceptually"(might not be the best example, but hopefully you get my point), and you type a response, which the AI processes an points out the parts that are correct, incorrect, or don't make any sense. Of course, multiple choice questions are a very quick an easy way to judge if you know something, but i feel that it should be supplemented with more detailed and thorough tests to gauge your understanding of the topic
[234] (0♥) informative.could you share it's github repo?
[235] (0♥) You did too well for someone who is unfamiliar with the topic
[236] (0♥) hey i wanna ask how does your finder look like that at 8:32
[237] (0♥) So, a textbook.
[238] (0♥) how do I get kimi k3 max performance for longer than 30 seconds with a 10$ budget
[239] (0♥) The question is if learning those things is even valuable in the first place
[240] (0♥) "We haven't changed what integration is; we've finally admitted what it always was-" Love meee (oh baby) Loooveee meeee!!!
[241] (0♥) just fyi the model’s proposed solution to the wave eq in the thumbnail is incorrect. taking two partials of u w.r.t. x and then again w.r.t. t, it would be 4-2 =2 ≠ 0
[242] (0♥) could you please share how are you making these videos. which software are you using to create animations
[243] (0♥) I would like to actually read the sub-agents system prompts, are you willing to share the files?
[244] (0♥) Hugeee
[245] (0♥) Can you tell us what are your Obsidian plugins? I see that there are a lot of custom widgets that isn't provided in normal Obsidian (or any in my knowledge).
[246] (0♥) whats the obisidan theme?
[247] (0♥) how do i make this myself?
[248] (0♥) ok
[249] (0♥) what plug-in you install on your obsidian? plz.
[250] (0♥) did not understand how do you make it write in obsidian
[251] (0♥) what are you using for voice to text in your pi harness?
[252] (0♥) Have you used Matt Pock's /teach skills?
[253] (0♥) so where are your ai settings?
[254] (0♥) would this work if I'm learning technical stuff like in coding ?
[255] (0♥) is that $teach from mattpocock?
[256] (0♥) What are the costs of running such setup?
[257] (0♥) why when i try to use the quiz tool the ai just keeps adding (recommended) after the right answer? how do i stop it giving me answers?
[258] (0♥) Are you using kimi k3's official moonshot API for this? How's your experience with it so far, I've been using deepseek for now since it's significantly cheaper but I'd appreciate your input on this.
[259] (0♥) How expensive is it? I mean how many token do u spend per session?
[260] (0♥) I really like this video,from which I benefit a lot.But as an AI beginner,I have something unclear. You use a "Teach.skill" and "quiz.ts"there,and how can I get them?That's exactly what I'm concerning now. Then how to use obsidian for our learning with AI?I've downloaded the obsidian,but I've never tried using AI on it. I would appreciate it if you could tell me:goodvibes:
[261] (0♥) Hello, I require some assistance. I am not very knowledgeable about AI. I was wondering if this tool could be utilized for learning purposes, such as enhancing my professional skills or acquiring proficiency in a tool like Python. Would it be beneficial in that regard? Thank you.
[262] (0♥) I like when I do not trust the source so much. Then I'll engage more, and try to see if it's making wrong claims.
[263] (0♥) Yo is this MrAmos from Growtopia doing AI stuff?
[264] (0♥) instead of rendering svgs for math couldn't you just use manim like 3blue1brown for better accuracy
[265] (0♥) What is that markdown program?
   ↳ (0♥) Looks like Obsidian
[266] (0♥) it is kinda pointless to show it in action, when there is no public skill file, for the process idea is fine to share. thanks
[267] (0♥) # How we used so learn? Well, let's first understand that how we learn varies, but, we have things in common, for example: A teacher, a book, a course etc ... Are designed to teach many learners. And of course, a learner could learn though many outlets (Teacher, books, courses). ## Soooo, What we have? Well, in the case where one teaches many, but that deliberately take us to the next idea: "An outlet for everyone cannot be optimal for anyone". We must understand that the optimal path to learn varies for each person, and the optimal path is one where the learner doesn't have to "Re-Learn" the path or (Minimizes that kind of stuff) and to learn the stuff that is new but in the edge of their understanding. And, in the other side we have that the learner could learn from many outlets, but that what really means?, yeah, a lot of stuff to learn of, but also, a lot of ways to learn something, so many styles, many notations, many interfaces... This could be difficult to follow for your brain. And most important, It's more difficult to learn something until you built trust with the source. ## Why is this a "different" way to learn? 'Cause we're maximizing the struggle in the material itself. But wait, then why we're using the AI for?, is to reduce the struggle in the logistics, like planning, finding resources etc... The system have to mesuare where the learner is, the get the map of the actual learner understanding. # But we need actual feedback Yeah, like a videogame, you could actually make that learn becomes that addictive (Cause it's) as a game, basically a game is you learning all the time, in the moment you feel something is repetitive or without a mayor change your mind bores, each time you are in a battle with a NPC you're learning patterns, timing, YOUR ARE FEELING IT. But in a few words, 'cause like in a game, if your habilities are not tested all along the path you're playing or just one time, you will continue the game feeling like you know when the truth is that you don't. ## That's all the long text for... the AI learning So Eero Alvar teacher all that, that works for him, (I feel like for me too), and shows us everything, even a demo of how he can use the AI to learn. He shows their PI agents Harness. Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzcI5F4tGiU Credits To: Eero Alvar. Github Repository: https://github.com/amosblomqvist/learn
   ↳ (0♥) Hey, I doesn't know anything about what PI was so let's dive in, just a bit to try the project.
[268] (0♥) I would suggest not using Kimi K3 because it has a hallucination rate of 50% and there's only so much u can control
   ↳ (0♥) Kimi K3 is so bad
[269] (0♥) I’ve been building something similar. We should colab
[270] (0♥) I don't want to be that guy but is this linux compatible?
[271] (0♥) I don't even know what's the point of learning anything if puter knows better than me anyways and I won't have a job in there and won't be able to solve anything what a computer can't solve.
[272] (0♥) Or you could just skip the middle man
[273] (0♥) You learn from AI as you would learn from Humans! By simply asking it QUESTIONS!!! Learning is our Super Power People... And we've been doing it for 100s of 1000s of years 😳
[274] (0♥) How much money spend in all of this my friend ?
[275] (0♥) This is excellent, but no speak english native, pls audio in spanish or Subtitles in spanish.
[276] (0♥) release github repo with this pls. your current one doens't have anything study related unfortunately
[277] (0♥) im so confused on what you're learning?
[278] (0♥) minkä ikäinen oot voicemogger
[279] (0♥) Not a bad video, but you seem to overstate the strength of some of your conclusions while downplaying the strength of possible objections. For example, you mentioned that having many teachers with different teaching styles creates friction that detracts from learning, while at the same time arguing that teachers are not optimized for each individual student. However, when learning different subjects, matching different teaching styles to the demands of each subject may itself be a form of optimization, one that plays to the strengths of each subject and could outweigh the potential friction caused by switching between styles.
[280] (0♥) Gotta use AI to learn what you're saying.
[281] (0♥) Lower the gain or step away from the mic jesus christ i have you on min volume and its still breaking my ears
[282] (0♥) You don't
[283] (0♥) bro why are you so uninterested
[284] (0♥) Can deepseek models work? They are cheaper
[285] (0♥) The first 4 minutes are just slop. Waste of time.
[286] (0♥) The most informational + boring video of this year
[287] (0♥) When AI can already do everything better than you, why learn anything?
[288] (0♥) You are delusional 🎉
[289] (0♥) Sure you are up to something ingenius but your explanation needs explanation!